[Music]
yeah
hello hearts how are you doing well
I hope you're enjoying sunday
go to the one that was seen last night
on twitter and it is that a
clip of this man went viral who was hot he
was on the set of in the name of
Rocío the other day when they presented the
documentary this second season that is
coming to us that we are beginning to
comment on in which he disrespects
Rosa Benito let's see I don't know if what he
says is true it will be a lie they
are denying it but what I do know is that it
is surely this
man has gotten into legal trouble
because there are ways and ways of telling
things and saying them no and what
this man says in the video well
apart from being insulting and degrading
to Rosa Benito, it is probably
false or he doesn't have a way to
prove it okay what this man says
in the click is that Rosa Benito
stole her boyfriend she stole the boyfriend of
a girl who was engaged to
Amador that she arrived at
Amador and then told her that she was
pregnant to steal her boyfriend not
to hook up with Rocío
Jurado's brother  and also adds the word she-wolf not
la she-wolf this is not a she-wolf which well it
depends on the connotation it can be serious or
not serious no to me what surprises me the
pack of feminists around the pack
of marea fucsia not la marea fucsia that
was around this man
listening attentively to what he was
saying and none said anything none said
hey don't talk it was a woman here we
are feminists we are 26 months 12
causes anyway to this Rosario Mohedano
answered she-wolf and the feminists nod
look I have to remember that
women like Rocío who started with
Fidel when he was still with Rocío
Mestre or Terelu who started with Pipí
while he was married and with children Fernando
says awful things about my aunt Rocío what is he
going to say to us about my mother for a chair
such and such or that is this man there with that
cap on a television set
and the ridiculous thing he was doing
all night but above all
here what I am left with is
Rocío Carrasco no  When is
the story of Rocío Carrasco going to be told
because many are talking about that Rocío
Carrasco
and well that it started with Rocío it started with
Fidel being with him with Rocío mente
as if he stole her friend's boyfriend
according to her no according to her it's not that they
fell in love they fell in love and they
were both the settlers you already
know that also also according to Antonio
David he arrives in Chipiona and
finds her sitting on Fidel's knee
on one occasion okay so well this is how
the family patio is that expresses
you who you love of course no how are you how are you
doing and about feminism
a hug people see you in the
next video
[Music]